add configuration description about isolation-read.engines & proxy-pr… (#9689)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

+ For scenarios with no conflicts, if there are many auto-commit transactions (the specific number is determined by the real scenarios. For example, the number of auto-commit transactions accounts for more than half of the total number of applications), and a single transaction operates a large data volume, enabling this configuration causes performance regression. For example, the auto-commit `INSERT INTO SELECT` statement.
+ Default value: `false`

## isolation-read

> Configuration items related to read isolation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration items related to read isolation.
```

### `engines`

- Controls from which engine TiDB allows to read data.
- Default value: ["tikv", "tiflash", "tidb"], indicating that the engine is automatically selected by the optimizer.

> - Optional values: Any combinations of "tikv", "tiflash", and "tidb", for example, ["tikv", "tidb"] or ["tiflash", "tidb"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Value options: Any combinations of "tikv", "tiflash", and "tidb", for example, ["tikv", "tidb"] or ["tiflash", "tidb"]
```

## proxy-protocol

Configuration items related to the PROXY protocol.

### `networks`

> - List of IP addresses of proxy servers that can access TiDB via the [PROXY protocol](https://www.haproxy.org/download/1.8/doc/proxy-protocol.txt)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The list of proxy server's IP addresses allowed to connect to TiDB using the [PROXY protocol](https://www.haproxy.org/download/1.8/doc/proxy-protocol.txt)
```

- Default value: ""
- In general cases, when you access TiDB behind a reverse proxy, TiDB takes the IP address of the reverse proxy server as the IP address of the client. By enabling the PROXY protocol, reverse proxies that support this protocol, such as HAProxy, can pass the real client IP address to TiDB.

> - After configuring this parameter, TiDB allows the configured source IP address to connect to TiDB using the PROXY protocol; if a protocol other than PROXY is used, this connection will be denied. If this parameter is left empty, no IP address can connect to TiDB using the PROXY protocol. The value can be an IP address (192.168.1.50) or CIDR (192.168.1.0/24) with , as the separator. * means any IP addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- After configuring this parameter, TiDB allows the configured source IP address to connect to TiDB using the PROXY protocol; if a protocol other than PROXY is used, this connection will be denied. If this parameter is left empty, no IP address can connect to TiDB using the PROXY protocol. The value can be an IP address (192.168.1.50) or CIDR (192.168.1.0/24) with `,` as the separator. `*` means any IP addresses.
```

> **Warning:**
>

> > Use * with caution because it might introduce security risks by allowing a client of any IP address to report its IP address. In addition, using * might also cause the internal component that directly connects to TiDB (such as TiDB Dashboard) to be unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Use `*` with caution because it might introduce security risks by allowing a client of any IP address to report its IP address. In addition, using `*` might also cause the internal component that directly connects to TiDB (such as TiDB Dashboard) to be unavailable.
```
